it's kind of been an exhausting week
yesterday we had round one of the public
impeachment hearings and when I say we
had that doesn't include the president
Donald Trump claims he didn't watch the
hearings yesterday and yet even though
he didn't watch this morning at 6:54
a.m. he wrote representative Ratcliffe
has the two star witnesses where is the
impeachable event in that call both
stared straight ahead with a blank look
on their face remain silent were unable
to answer the question that would be the
end of a case run by normal people but
not shifty shifty is what he calls Adam
Schiff but I guess he's not a normal
person you know normal like the like the
kind of person who asks a porn star to
spank him with a magazine with his
clothes
and after weeks of demanding to know the
whistleblowers identity now he seems to
be questioning whether the whistleblower
is even real he tweeted wears the fake
whistleblower what does that even mean
is against the blower of the whistle
favorite is the whistle itself not real
I don't know he doesn't know we don't
neither of us know he just puts the word
fake in front of everything now
everything is fake except for his tan
that's real frustrated Trump allies urge
him to stop talking about it oh yeah a
good luck with that while you're at it
try to urge him to give all his money to
the poor I'm sure he'll get right on
that too there are a lot of hot takes
out there right now one of the dumbest
is that these impeachment hearings
aren't interesting enough this is from
NBC News analysis the first to witness
is called Wednesday testified to
president from scheme but lacked the
pizzazz necessary to capture public
attention now at first I thought it said
like pizza and I agree with that
the hearings definitely need more pizza
everything does but then I realized it
said pizzazz this was like there's a two
career civil servants giving sworn
testimony about a potential attempt to
undermine our democracy they're also
supposed to have pizzazz an impeachment
hearing or an episode of Dance Moms I'm
completely
this also seems to be an emerging line
of defense for Republicans they don't
want to talk about the facts because
those don't look so good so what they're
focused on is that these hearings aren't
exciting enough there is not a single
person outside the Washington DC Beltway
that gives a damn about what happened
today it's boring some say it was a
little on the boring side you tune in
you're either sound asleep or you can't
follow there's a total snoozefest
I didn't even need an ambien just turn
that disaster on it was kind of boring
to watch on television people are bored
of this Americans are bored of this it
has been flat-out boring and you know it
says in the Constitution a sitting
president cannot be found guilty of a
crime if the Trop trial leading up to it
is boring meanwhile speaking of boring
the Vice President while this is all
going on here's what the Vice President
is up to pence traveling out of DC it's
a good idea get as far away from the
orange man as possible
Mike had skipped town for a two-day trip
to California with second lady Karen
pence they're actually here pitching a
new sitcom called how I met mother that
it to see NASA research facility that's
how bad things are for Republicans this
week Mike Pence is trying to go to the
moon this morning the Vice President was
at NASA he spoke to the employees and
I'll tell you what he really doesn't
seem to be embracing his role as captain
of the space force here at NASA Ames
you've done it for decades you make
science fiction into science fact and
you make this you know I love that on
the day of the public hearings that
might end Trump's presidency Mike Pence
says you know what I think I'm gonna go
to California to look at some rocket
ships one of the more interesting
talking points for Trump's team is that
all of the testimony so far is hearsay
that's what they keep saying what makes
that funny is the reason we haven't
heard from any of the people who
actually were in the middle of this is
because the White House blocked it they
won't let them testify the White House
blocked the chief of staff secretary of
state former national security adviser
and many more from testifying before
Congress so Wolf Blitzer on CNN asked
Kelly and Conway about it and that went
just exactly how you might expect it
would go if the president has nothing to
hide if the phone conversation was
perfect why not let them tell the
American public in open session you know
under questioning from Democrats and
Republicans what they learn you're
asking has to comply with an impeachment
inquiry that our White House Counsel to
serve behind well you didn't know
interrupt Alexander Acosta Cortes last
night she got to just talking to her
walk so I'd like a little bit at that
time thank you I've been around a while
see thank you you're welcome
Kelly Ann's husband George Conway was on
TV yesterday just did just blasting the
president and that to me is the most
interesting relationship and more than
Beyonce and jay-z it really is there's a
new book on the way from the anonymous
writer of that op-ed about Trump in The
New York Times last year the author is
or was a senior member of the
administration nobody knows but the book
is called a warning which it seems a
little late but it's due out Tuesday and
our excerpts making the rounds including
this description of what it's like to
work at the White House this is good
it's like showing up the nursing home at
daybreak to find your elderly uncle
running pantsless across the courtyard
and cursing loudly about the cafeteria
food as worried attendants try to catch
him
that's our president but also claims
that Trump wanted undocumented
immigrants to be declared enemy
combatants and sent to Guantanamo Bay to
be jailed with terrorists there
according the book an unnamed State
Department official responded to that
and this is quoted by saying are you
effing kidding me this is completely
back which to me would have been a
better title for the book and a new
campaign ad that lashes out at the
impeachment process using regular people
who claim they've had enough of it
impeachment is a scam impeachment is a
bunch of bull impeachment is a joke is
partisan witch hunt it's a waste of time
in tax dollars they can't get over the
fact that Donald Trump won a win fair
and square
Donald Trump is my president my
president my president the president is
mine
Joe Biden Joe Biden is fighting back
against Trump smears about him and his
son with a website called just the facts
folks and let me tell you if there's one
word the kids on the Internet respond to
its pulse but Biden wants to make sure
the real story is told not only does his
site have important information Joe
designed the website all by himself in
that is up all night on Squarespace
setting it up and believe it or not and
you will believe it another Democrat has
just entered the race for president
former Massachusetts governor Deval
Patrick today announced he's running are
you allowed to join this this is like if
during Game three of the World Series
the Mets showed up asking a play time to
drop out not to get in the vault Patrick
was the governor of Massachusetts and
then spent years working for a company
called Bain Capital which is just what
the Democrats need someone with the
exact same resume as Mitt Romney
perfectly done hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if
you want to see all our latest videos
click the subscribe button and if you
don't click anyway and close your eyes
when they come on